---
layout: post
title: 'Dark Mode 😎'
date: 2022-10-01 18:07:57
categories: code
---

It's been a while since I've made any quality of life improvements for myself here. So long in fact that I used to
have to reset my node version everytime I wanted to add a new post. You see, I use a static site generator called gatsby to turn a bunch of
markdown files into this ✨fancy✨ site. And my very very old version of gatsby was running on node 12 and switching to a more recent version would break everything.

Recently I went down the Vim rabbit hole again and it seemed like as good a time
as any to update gatsby and give this site a little love. A great time actually, as it provided a low
stakes opportunity to dig into an actual app and do actual work while getting
used to Vim.

So I've spent the last week or so tinkering with my Vim setup, updating this site
to the latest verision of gatsby, and adding dark mode. My editor, my computer, my
devtools, even github is on dark mode. It was a bit painful trying to debug my
blog while it burned my eyes with the light of a thousand suns. So after making
it through that gauntlet I decided to switch to dark mode.

Let me know if you miss light mode. I figure I'm the only one who looks at this
thing so I didn't think a switch wasn't really worth the squeeze. But hey, if you're
out there and actually want it, let me know. It can't be that hard right?

---

Oh, and while writing this post I also removed the category sort on the home
page and added more categories and corresponding emojis instead.
